hr_family/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License

Employee Family Information
===========================

This module allows you to enter extra information about employee's family.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to go to any employee form, and look for the
*Family* tab. You will be able to enter family information there.

For further information, please visit:

 * https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Michael Telahun Makonnen <mmakonnen@gmail.com>
* Sébastien Alix <sebastien.alix@osiell.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Add bug tracker link on README.rst

hr_family/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License

Employee Family Information
===========================

This module allows you to enter extra information about employee's family.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to go to any employee form, and look for the
*Family* tab. You will be able to enter family information there.

For further information, please visit:

 * https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_family%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Michael Telahun Makonnen <mmakonnen@gmail.com>
* Sébastien Alix <sebastien.alix@osiell.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
